hey youtube welcome to the second of my
legendary black and white teens so if
the best ones who lasted zekrom tin just
looks freaking amazing that'd be sure to
catch part 2 really nice balls really
really nice pot view sorry they rush
amount in awesome pools but yeah the ZEC
wanted same stuff on the outside then
we'll send their energies the back um
yeah but let's get this one open so
again I think it goes of for black and
white backs I'll saying one of my lack
of my videos I think the only
disappointment with this set for me is
there they just left them the reverse is
exactly the same I mean there's no no
different how they were in previous
steps all the way from diamond and pearl
o is as equimolar promo which looks
freaking awesome pretty much exactly the
same as as a hollow other than if it
does it can hollow standing the other
way can I whack this one in here which I
got from my album pack it's a little
black and white album be but yeah so
definitely check out that opening some
radicals yeah I haven't seen too many of
those album ones on here seen a fair few
tins I know him quite late i put this up
but you are I've been very busy with
I've got exams coming up at the moment
which isn't this about the full facts
and rush your abs are up and Zekrom and
zips break it just same waters last time
sort of work so Beth based on it it's SP
here how can they find it either they
just made free pack by the e student for
just even have that almost all this is
tough they won't have to put around and
not around them but I mean a less sort
of good pokemon
on their thing I feel like there might
be something good in this because of how
hard it was to open so go a petal so
sorry guys AB little a doclet oh my god
there is something good there a potion a
clink oh my god provide an alle alle
molar that screw the stupid pokemon
energy switch and llo mola reverse and
oh my god a restaurant wow wow oh wow oh
wow it's it's got a race bumpy feeling
it is awesome just so cool Keith look at
that it's not the pickety I wanted but
it as good I think they've made it as I
notice that I'm in these packs the I
think they've definitely made it so that
so restaurants are the most common ultra
rare and then secondly lease olympics
utilizing a lot of people fool Wes you
run let me subscribe 222 I think if you
cool like for them now and anyone that
conform i got these pipes and possibly
destroy that back after me one two three
one two oh my god i think i won't say
little lube at lily pop duck 'let clink
pokeball tranquil pig night mer actus
and a samurai holler so I thought well
something amazing in where I saw the
glare of this car but now but
unfortunately I've already got this card
out of the two whole days out from this
set so anyone needing this is for
trading minty fresh condition straight
for the pack as you just saw will be put
straightness leave after this video
yeah sick so it had two packs and I've
already got a hollow in a naughty ultra
rare retro vibe so hopefully this basic
actually miss something one loss okay
shame about having it and the head
double already I mean like I said I've
only had two orders and I've already
pulled a double quite quite good hollows
well powder pink blue back Lily pup
typic see me sir that is awesome that's
a missive pokeball croak or up with
shine a reverse I've cut that as well
but that's a rare of s2 sofa trade of
anyone needs wherever veteran shiner and
ass wanna go see that's one is less less
enjoyment any others have given me the F
secrete sort of common standard hollow
these packs aren't easy joyful actually
so any d search or short purloined
switch Patrat energy switch super scoop
up wow a lot of energies of the trainers
in this match do what I think that's
what that's one of that looks wicked a
lily pup reversed and a dharma tier
darmani tad was that right so I'm
getting this one done manage that year
so awesome ting guys what did I who I
pulled the rarer vessel hashanah and
time any time where a swan a rare and a
samurai hollow and last but not least
without scratching it every few ran out
for it so the two highlights of this tin
oh just awesome wow I cannot wait to get
more this set
to get more of these not this exact one
but you know what I'm me so yeah guys
cheers for watching you've been watching
off a 916 be sure to rate comment and
subscribe and check out the other ten if
you haven't seen it nice pools in there
really nice pools check out the album if
you haven't seen it and lots more on
this way booster boxes blister packs and
the Victini box see you guys cheers for
watching and yeah have fun opening